docs/python_org_tags.md, before:

# Python.org tags

By: smv7\
Creation: 2022/11/8 3:12\
Last update: 2022/11/8 3:12

## Abstract
In this document I show you how to locate the HTML tags of the website https://www.python.org/jobs/ that contains the data of Python jobs, used by `src.job_technology_scraper.job_technology_scraper.spiders.python_org.py` spider to retrieve the data of each individual job back to us.

## Approach
1. Get links of each individual job page from https://www.python.org/jobs/.
2. Get all variables listed below for each job from its individual pages.

Before diving into the examples, they assume the following facts:
1. A `response` variable containing a *scrapy response* retrieved from a request send to the corresponding website (relative to the section where is written) is available.
2. `bs4.BeautifulSoup` is imported as `BS`.

## Extracting jobs page links
```py
job_list = response.css('ol').get()
job_soup = BS(job_list, 'html.parser')
job_cells = job_soup.find_all('li')
job_urls = [job.find('a')['href'] for job in job_cells]
```

## Extracting job features from each job page

The features scraped from the site are listed below, with the first 6 in the same order that appear in the its job page (some additional notes associated to some of them are written):
1. `job_title`
2. `description`: Will be summarized with *wordclouds*.
3. `restrictions`
4. `requirements`: **Learning goals** (technologies we need to know to apply).
5. `company_about`
6. `contact_info`

These features will be added after:

7. `post_date`
8. `location`
9. `tags`: Used to enhance definition of learning goals.
10. `is_remote`
11. `country`

```py
# Extracting parent section containing all features.
# NOTE: The 0 index element is a useless remaning piece of
# HTML that is inevitably collected with the approach used,
# thats why is excluded. The preserved items contains the
# HTML of each section listed above in the same order, so
# first item at index 0 contains the data of 'job_title', 
# at index 1 of 'description' and so on.
sections: list[str] = str(page_soup.find('article')\
                      .find('div'))\
                      .split('<h2>')[1:]
```

TODO
```py
# Extracting job_title:

# Extracting location:

# Extracting post_date:

# Extracting tags:

# Extracting is_remote:

# Extracting country:

# Extracting description:

# Extracting requirements:

```

Commit message:

Adding function to return separate title and content from raw section on python.org spider documentation

docs/python_org_tags.md, after:

# Python.org tags

By: smv7\
Creation: 2022/11/8 3:12\
Last update: 2022/11/8 3:12

## Abstract
In this document I show you how to locate the HTML tags of the website https://www.python.org/jobs/ that contains the data of Python jobs, used by `src.job_technology_scraper.job_technology_scraper.spiders.python_org.py` spider to retrieve the data of each individual job back to us.

## Approach
1. Get links of each individual job page from https://www.python.org/jobs/.
2. Get all variables listed below for each job from its individual pages.

Before diving into the examples, they assume the following facts:
1. A `response` variable containing a *scrapy response* retrieved from a request send to the corresponding website (relative to the section where is written) is available.
2. `bs4.BeautifulSoup` is imported as `BS`.

## Extracting jobs page links
```py
job_list = response.css('ol').get()
job_soup = BS(job_list, 'html.parser')
job_cells = job_soup.find_all('li')
job_urls = [job.find('a')['href'] for job in job_cells]
```

## Extracting job features from each job page

The features scraped from the site are listed below, with the first 6 in the same order that appear in the its job page (some additional notes associated to some of them are written):
1. `job_title`
2. `description`: Will be summarized with *wordclouds*.
3. `restrictions`
4. `requirements`: **Learning goals** (technologies we need to know to apply).
5. `company_about`
6. `contact_info`

These features will be added after:

7. `post_date`
8. `location`
9. `tags`: Used to enhance definition of learning goals.
10. `is_remote`
11. `country`

```py
# Extracting parent section containing all features.
# NOTE: The 0 index element is a useless remaning piece of
# HTML that is inevitably collected with the approach used,
# thats why is excluded. The preserved items contains the
# HTML of each section listed above in the same order, so
# first item at index 0 contains the data of 'job_title', 
# at index 1 of 'description' and so on.
sections: list[str] = str(page_soup.find('article')\
                      .find('div'))\
                      .split('<h2>')[1:]
```

## Data preparations for all raw HTML sections
The *hacky* method to cut the HTML and get each feature section separately by spliting the code in `<h2>`, returns each section with a `</h2>` that can be used to separate the title of the section from its content. So we've convenient to write a function to do that for all sections.
```py
# Function to separate each section title from its content.
def get_title_and_content(section: str) -> tuple[str,str]:
    '''
    Return raw title and content separately from section.'''

    title, content = section.split('</h2>')
    data = title.strip(), content.strip()

    return data

# Extracting job_title:

# Extracting location:

# Extracting post_date:

# Extracting tags:

# Extracting is_remote:

# Extracting country:

# Extracting description:

# Extracting requirements:

```
